README.md, before:

# Radio4000

The main front-end web application for Radio4000.

See the continous integration: https://gitlab.com/internet4000/radio4000/pipelines

## How to develop

Make sure Ember CLI is installed globally, then clone this project and install it's dependencies:

```
npm install --global ember-cli phantomjs-prebuilt
git clone git@gitlab.com:internet4000/radio4000.git
cd radio4000
npm install
npm start
```

## Testing

Run `npm test` for a single test or `ember test --server` to start a test server.

## Deployment

If this is your first time deploying, install the Firebase CLI: `npm i -g firebase-tools` and run `firebase login` first.

To deploy to staging aka https://radio4000-staging.firebaseapp.com, run:

`npm run build; npm run deploy-firebase-staging`

To deploy to production aka https://radio4000.com:

1. Make sure your master branch is up to date
2. Use `release-it` to tag a new release
3. `git checkout production; git pull; git merge master --no-ff`
4. `npm run build-production; npm run deploy-firebase-production`

For Firebase security rules, see the `private/rules` folder.

## Backend

We use Firebase as our database and API. It's connected through Ember Data and [Emberfire](https://github.com/firebase/emberfire). The security rules are in the [radio4000-api](https://github.com/internet4000/radio4000-api) repository.

## Google API

We use the YouTube API to detect video titles etc. If you run into trouble with permissions or domains, check here https://console.developers.google.com/project/much-play/.

Commit message:

polish before release (#84)
* improve edit channel button disablation

* move SiteFooter to aside left

* remove one mention of "see all tracks" in last 10

* add section arround last.tracks

* remove channel header slug text deco

* add loading text on channel.tracks

* Avoid tabs wrapping on /all on mobile

* typo

* fix input-paste on channel.index to focus on load

* improve loading component

* add missing section on channel.index

* remove grid from followers

* page welcome less space

* add loading indicator for latest tracks

* make focus input select on click

* male url sharer input read only

* Update copy

* Fix channel layout in Safari

* Add spacing between title and body

* add first track link when empty list

* typo

* fix fix typo

* fix resetScroll on some routes

* Update docs on deployment

* Lint

* target blank noopener external links

* missing Section

* rel="noopener

* Fix reset-scroll scrolling more than it should

README.md, after:

# Radio4000

The main front-end web application for Radio4000.

## How to develop

Make sure Ember CLI is installed globally, then clone this project and install it's dependencies:

```
npm install --global ember-cli phantomjs-prebuilt
git clone git@gitlab.com:internet4000/radio4000.git
cd radio4000
npm install
npm start
```

## Testing

Run `npm test` for a single test or `ember test --server` to start a test server.

## Deployment

The site is hosted on netlify.com. Netlify will automatically deploy each branch and PR. The `production` branch is mirrored to https://radio4000.com

So, to deploy to production:

1. `git checkout master; git pull`
2. Use `release-it` to tag a new release
3. `git checkout production; git pull; git merge master --no-ff; git push`

For Firebase security rules, see the https://github.com/internet4000/radio4000-api repository.

## Backend

We use Firebase as our database and API. It's connected through Ember Data and [Emberfire](https://github.com/firebase/emberfire). The security rules are in the [radio4000-api](https://github.com/internet4000/radio4000-api) repository.

## Google API

We use the YouTube API to detect video titles etc. If you run into trouble with permissions or domains, check here https://console.developers.google.com/project/much-play/.
