The Radio4000 manifest (v1)
Berlin November 13, 2015

# Introduction, about Humans and algorithms

We, Humans, select music according to our taste. Because it makes us dance, smile, think, not think, forget; because we like it or we think it's interesting. This is something computers can't do, even though they gave us the internet.

# What is Radio4000

Radio4000 is a music tool and service.

## A Tool

### A tool to manage your online music.

All your links pointing to music you like are now stored somewhere.

### A tool to understand your music discoveries

We want to provide you with some context for your music history. For example what genre it is, which label it was released on and when it came out.
That way you'll have a better overview on what and maybe why you are listening to those tunes.

## A Service

### A service for and by humans

The music content on Radio4000 is only generated by Humans who want to discover and share their music selection.
You can give yourself some rest in music digging and listen to what's around you.
Discover some crazy tracks in the context of someone you like the taste of.

### Your channel is public

Everyone can access your radio channel and listen to your selection. Anytime, anywhere.
But no one needs to know who you are, it is only about music, use an alias.

# What Radio4000 stands for

Radio4000 is principles and goals

## Retributions

No artist = no music = no Radio4000.
No radios channels with music = no Radio4000.
Let's work on a new viable ecosystem for music.

## Privacy and data

As we said, no one needs to know who you are, Radio4000 neither.
The only data we save about you is what's in your radio channel.
Also you can export all your music, what's yours' yours.

## Embrace the future

We're all here to imagine and create a music experience for year 4000
